The smell of defeat filled the air on a warm October evening. In the school parking lot stood Coach McDonald and me, a loser in the 160-pound weight class.

Coach McDonald's hands firmly grasped my shoulders, his eyes looking through my uncertainty. "Billy," his voice cut through the uneasy quiet. "The potential for you to become an excellent wrestler exists. It takes time," he argued.

"Don't you see? I lost... again. Ten matches. Never won." Frustration struck me as I stepped away from Coach McDonald. Pulling my cell phone from my equipment bag, I said definitively, "I need to call my mom. She'll pick me up." I just wanted to get away as soon as possible and flung myself into Mom's arms. She had always been my best friend and supporter.

While waiting for her to answer my call, the thought of quitting the sport rumbled in my mind. I was so frustrated at that time that I ignored the joy and satisfaction wrestling had brought to me.

Coach McDonald closed in. "Billy, look at me," he said. "Pound for pound, you're the strongest and most flexible kid on the team. That's a winning combination. Master the techniques in practice, and victory will be yours, I promise."

I coughed and pulled my sweaty shirt off my chest. "When, Coach?"

With a knowing look, Coach said, "Do you know how long it took me to win my first match?" He stood up straight, squinting like he was recalling a tough time. "During my first year, I lost every match. I ended the season 0-11. I didn't lose at all in the following two years, including two

state championships. Billy, that can be you someday. But it'll never happen if you quit."

In that silent moment, I felt a slight pain within me, but it was weak, not strong enough to

change my mind. Coach cleared his throat, glancing at his watch. "Well, I'm hungry."

"And my mom's here," I said. Then I jumped into her car.

注意：1.续写词数应为150左右；
2.请按如下格式作答。

Paragraph 1: In the car, I told her I lost again and I was hesitating about quitting the team.

Paragraph 2: The next day, I walked into the training field again.


60636437